I heard they called the contest winners today.
I got a call.
So you were selected?
Yes.
Why are you telling me this now? I feel embarrassed.
I told you already. I'm okay.
I'm still young.
Congratulations.
Hey, Hong Ah.
Come to Seoul.
I need to hang out with someone I can take my anger out on.
Okay.
Hong Ah, I was just about to leave.
Why are you so foolishly nice?
Why would you come just because I tell you to?
You're so easy to use.
I'm only like this to you.
Have you already started taking your anger out on me?
Why do you like me?
There'd be no misery if people had a reason for liking someone.
I want to be alone.
Is there something wrong?
I failed the contest.
You can enter it again.
You have a knack for making people angry.
It'll do well as long as you melt in your personality in your writing.
Did you mean that as a consolation or a compliment?
It's just me being pitiful...
by trying hard to impress you even in this kind of situation.
It's okay.
It's no big deal that I failed the contest.
What are you going to do after you graduate?
I'm just going to have fun.
My parents are rich.
- My gosh. - My gosh.
How impressive.
There's a restaurant nearby that sells delicious steamed seafood.
- Do you want to go with us? - Won Joon.
Let's go.
Bye, you guys.
It's not a big deal that you failed the contest.
You know that it's not easy to become a writer.
I finally know why I feel so miserable.
Hyun Soo passed the contest,
and that bothers me more than the fact that I failed.
That shows what a loser I am.
And I'm miserable...
for being a loser.
This is so nice.
It must feel nice. You passed the contest,
which means you're going to debut and become a writer.
I meant it feels nice to be able to treat you to a meal here.
You still remember that?
Of course. Back when I felt down after failing the contest,
you offered to treat me to a meal here.
I was really grateful for your gesture back then.
I didn't know you ate here.
- Hello. - Hi, Ms. Lee.
I saw the drama. Did you like it?
Yes, I think I was the worst.
The director and actors all did a very good job.
My gosh, you're too humble. Are you being pretentious right now?
I'd love it if she was from time to time.
She signed a contract with my company.
Really? Treat her well. She passed the contest this year.
Let's go now. We should let them enjoy their meals.
- Enjoy your meals. - You too.
I'll pay for your table.
Don't refuse. I'll get angry if you do.
I should be the one to pay.
Today's meal doesn't count. I'll buy you a nice meal next time.
He's head over heels for you.
I'm jealous that you're dating the CEO of a management company.
We're not dating.
You said he proposed to you.
Plus, you even signed a contract.
Wouldn't you call him the perfect prince?
Well, I'm not Cinderella.
And I had no choice but to sign a contract with him.
He's the first person to have acknowledged my skills.
This isn't a matter of man and woman.
That's how love always begins.
I loved her although she rejected me.
Of course she'd reject you.
It doesn't make sense for you two to be together.
She's dating a guy that's a big shot right now.
He's older than her,
richer, and handsome. He only cares about her.
He's the perfect guy any woman would want.
Why aren't you saying anything?
Are you in shock?
I was prepared for this.
She's pretty and nice.
There's no way she'd stay single for long.
I'm the one who always hears that I'm too pretty and nice...
to stay single for long.
Hyun Soo is more of the plain and modest type.
You're pretty confident about your looks.
I never thought you're pretty.
You're the first man to treat me this bad.
But I don't mind it. It makes me feel comfortable.
Do you want to go out with me?
What?
You and I have a lot of similarities.
You really like me.
We're not similar at all.
Go out with someone who makes your heart race.
I'm not the one for you.
Is it because of Hyun Soo?
I told you she has a boyfriend.
Just because she's going out with someone else,
that doesn't mean I should date another woman.
How could you be so mean to me?
If a girl asks you out first,
shouldn't you at least pretend to think about it?
How could you be so firm in rejecting me?
You have to be firm, especially between a man and woman.
Good for you. What a jerk.
Why are you two fighting?
Hi Won Joon.
I made my decision.
Once I finish my military service, I'm going to become a chef.
Do you think dreams come true that easily?
("Man Who Eats Rare Steak")
(Script by Lee Hyun Soo)
With the shared goal of becoming a TV drama writer,
Hong Ah and I shared a lot of time and emotions together.
I loved Hong Ah.
("Unruly Detectives")
I don't want to know why Hong Ah became hostile against me.
Some things simply reveal themselves in time...
even when you don't want to know what they are.
(Temperature of Love)
(2017)
Did you forget that you didn't pick up my call?
How can I forget?
Do you know how much I regretted it, and how much it hurt?
Why did you regret it, and why were you hurt?
You have a big shot boyfriend,
and your dream of becoming a writer came true.
Why did you regret it, and why were you hurt?
Why are you still outside?
A stranger might think...
that you're having a couple's quarrel.
This is my favorite man.
So cheesy.
This is my favorite woman.
Since I'm with my two favorite people,
I feel great.
Let's go inside.
Thank you.
How is it?
It's nice.
Don't give me terse answers.
Add some adjectives to describe how you feel.
You're a writer but all you say is "it's nice" or "it's not nice".
Well, it's nice.
Gosh, he has a new woman again.
It's because of guys like you that rumors fly around.
She's not a girlfriend. She's a business client.
You're always so protective of him.
Are you doing this so that he'll invest in your own place?
You watch too much TV. Now you're writing your own drama?
You two can't be together for not even a minute.
But who's he?
He kind of looks like a gigolo?
He's a CEO? CEO of what?
Our boy here has no filter.
You must have gotten beaten up a lot.
You look like you're from the US,
but your words are so cheap and old school, Cutie Pie.
Stop it. That's gross.
Cutie Pie, why are you grossed out?
Do you want me to scold him? Who did it?
You two just love picking on the youngster, don't you?
- Okay, okay. - My goodness.
Stop watching and go back to your stations.
They're our first dinner guests.
- Yes, Chef. - Yes, Chef.
Let's have a word.
Where did you meet Hyun Soo?
In front of here.
She didn't you avoid you this time?
She couldn't.
Jung Woo was right there. She had nowhere to run.
How do Mr. Park and Hyun Soo know each other?
It's probably the same as me.
Contractor and contracted.
What did she say to you?
Why did she run away?
Didn't she run from you because she still has feelings for you?
You didn't hear what Hong Ah said?
She has a boyfriend,
and it looks like they'll get married too.
Apparently she's happy as if she has the world in her hands.
I have to protect her.
That's just what Hong Ah said.
You didn't hear that from Hyun Soo herself.
She says she barely sees Hyun Soo now.
Things may have changed.
It's a fact that she rejected me.
I'm the past for Hyun Soo, and it's the same for me.
We weren't meant to be.
But you still have feelings for her.
Right now, I'm in charge of everyone at Good Soup.
It's been eight months since we opened but we're at a deficit.
Mr. Park is strict in separating his private life from work.
After the first investment year, he'll fire a couple employees.
Since he won't be able to fire you.
He can do much more than that.
If you go on TV,
people will talk about you and Good Soup will become famous.
But you don't want to, right?
I don't want to get attention for anything other than cooking.
You're very firm.
Does Hyun Soo know?
You went on TV despite being such a purist...
only because of her.
I wanted to be supportive.
I didn't have any other intentions, so don't make things up.
Good Soup is all I care about right now.
Why don't people appreciate fine dining?
They spend hundreds of dollars in barbecue places.
Those complaints are only for amateurs.
We haven't been able to impress people with our food.
We have to try harder.
Yes, Chef.
Bring me the herb powder I ground last night.
It's at my place.
Here is your mushroom tart.
You have to leave a record of these things.
Tell Chef On to come out here.
Yes, sir.
(Dinner Course Menu)
Mushroom tart. How does it taste?
It's nice.
Don't tease me.
("Unruly Detectives")
"Unruly Detectives".
What?
(Assistant Writer Ji Hong Ah)
Hong Ah was the assistant writer?
Do you want some ramyeon before you go?
Sure.
You never cook,
but you never refuse when offered.
Did you ask hoping I'd refuse?
No. I was just wondering if everyone had a set fate.
You're used to having others do everything for you.
But ever since I was born,
I had to do everything for myself if I wanted to live.
I'm practically your maid when we're together.
But in the end, we're both assistants.
What's better about my life than yours?
You're right.
I'm the more miserable one.
I was born with so much more than you.
But now we're the same.
You're right.
That makes me feel better.
Enjoy the ramyeon.
I suddenly feel terrible.
(Won Joon)
What's up?
You were Hyun Soo's assistant?
How did you find out?
We need to talk.
What was that?
Who called?
Hyun Soo's having dinner with the chief producer after their meeting.
- She's quite the saleswoman. - "Saleswoman"?
You're talking nonsense again.
I've known you for five years,
and you really haven't changed.
You're happy even when knocked down.
What else can I do? I still need to live.
Yes, you're right.
Is it okay?
- What are you talking about? - The food.
You should be asking Ms. Lee, not me.
Today's her first time eating here.
It tastes delicious.
I'm relieved to hear that.
Why are you talking to me so politely all of a sudden?
You're the one who started it.
What's wrong with you two?
Why are you guys so hostile towards each other?
Do you have something to say to me?
No, come sit down.
I can't sit with a customer during working hours. It's etiquette.
It's nice to see you emphasize on that...
even when we're so close.
You should put more emphasis on that too.
Why did you call me over when you have nothing to say?
I apologize, Chef On.
I must've mistook you for a close friend, not a chef.
Oh, is that so? Then I'll be off now.
Should we start talking about work now?
Are we going to talk about the script?
No.
I don't want to talk about anything else other than the script.
You can handle business matters.
Writers don't only write scripts these days.
They also need to learn how to do business.
But if you sign a lifetime contract with me, you won't need to.
What do you say?
Do you know the name of this wine?
Is it ready?
Yes, Chef.
You plated it wrong. Give me the cooking tweezer.
Where did Won Joon leave to after giving me the herb powder?
He said he's going to go meet a school friend.
It's working hours right now. What school friend?
There aren't even any customers. He probably just went...
We're still going to do our jobs whether we have customers or not.
- Yes, Chef. - Yes, Chef.
That was quick.
Don't be sarcastic.
Don't act as if you know my weakness too.
Is being Hyun Soo's assistant writer...
that big of a deal to call it your weakness?
How did you find out?
("Unruly Detectives")
Does Jung Sun know as well?
Are you scared that he might?
Yes.
It's better for him to not know that I'm the bad girl.
Do you even think of what you did as bad?
No.
People might think that way,
but all I did was just keep quiet.
It's not like I ever lied about it.
You talked as if you rarely get to meet Hyun Soo.
And we understood it that way.
You even talked as if she was going to get married soon.
So it is a bad thing.
Did anyone suffer a loss from what I said?
Did I harm anyone by saying that?
I'm going to tell Jung Sun about this.
You know that Jung Sun and Hyun Soo used to like each other.
I was embarrassed!
Hyun Soo and I started out studying to become a writer together.
I fail at every contest I enter.
Hyun Soo suggested it first.
She said if I see the process of a drama production,
it'll help me with my writing. She asked if I was interested.
And I wanted to do...
whatever I could...
to become a writer.
But this is still wrong.
How could I tell him that...
I'm working for...
the woman who he used to love?
How was I supposed to tell him that,
when he's the guy I want to be with?
[VIU Ver] E09 Temperature of Love "I Regretted It"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Please just turn a blind eye.
You're a fool.
You're a fool for me.
(Joon Ha)
Yes?
Are you okay?
Are you drunk?
Yes, I had a drink.
I came to Hyun Soo's office, but she's not here.
Is she...
Jung Woo, Yi Bok said he wants me...
to help his main staff with the drama shoot. What should I do?
Say you'll do it. If you join the crew,
Hyun Soo will feel reassured.
But...
Yi Bok just hired another writer.
I'm not supposed to tell you this, but I feel so bad for Hyun Soo.
He hired another writer?
Okay.
Director Min sure is dramatic.
It's nothing.
We should call it night, and get back to work.
Okay.
Cheer up.
You too, Mr. Park.
I'm going to sleep at my house tonight.
I'll drive you to your place then.
It's close enough for me to walk.
I want to walk by myself, and clear my head.
Okay, then.
Bye.
You go first.
Okay.
My gosh, my back.
Good work, everyone.
Thank you.
- Min Ho. - Yes?
How's work treating you?
I've never given up on something I already decided to do.
That's pretty impressive.
Give me 10 dollars.
What's with you guys?
Ha Sung bet me 10 dollars...
that Min Ho will end up quitting...
in less than a week.
- Then I guess this is mine. - Hey!
- Run, Min Ho! - Hey!
Hong Ah.
Hong Ah, long time no see.
Hey, you guys.
Who's this? Is he a new recruit?
Who said you could treat me like your friend?
Don't mind him. He might be gone next week.
What are you talking about?
You really have no sense of humor.
Stop it. I told you not to get too close like a girl.
- I won't allow you to be rude. - It's hot.
Guess what I got for you guys?
Why isn't she coming? I asked her to join us.
You're beautiful inside and out, Hong Ah.
I'm so happy.
I think they're all the same.
I think so too.
I don't think mine has any cheese inside.
That's mine.
- I don't have any cheese either. - Gosh, stop it.
Aren't you going to eat?
Why are you suddenly so caring?
I wasn't caring. I just gave you what's yours.
You really can't be nice, can you?
Does it hurt to say, "Thank you"?
- Thank you. - What a good boy.
I really can't hate you.
I have a favor to ask of you.
I even bought snacks for everyone, so I'm hoping you won't refuse.
You thought I was just going to leave, didn't you?
Get in.
Thank you, Mr. Park.
You're good at drawing the line.
You always call me Mr. Park.
Then what else should I call you?
Well, Jung Woo?
Jung Woo?
Don't do it. It makes me cringe.
Come with me. I have something to show you.
Why are you following me?
I told you I'd bring it to you.
(Rooibos, Fruit Blending)
I don't want to wait.
I'm mad at my life these days.
You've been mad for a long time.
You were mad when I came to Korea and met you for the first time.
I never thought my life...
would be this down in the dumps.
If that's how you feel about your life,
then it is in the ditch.
Hey.
All addictions are bad.
Just because you like my special blend of tea,
you shouldn't rely on it for sleep all the time.
My life isn't that bad.
I'm talented.
I'll become the head writer before I turn 30.
This blend is eight parts rooibos and two parts lemongrass.
It'll relax you and you'll sleep like a baby.
Okay.
Why am I becoming so submissive to you?
I can't understand. You're not even nice to me.
What do you mean by that when I'm giving you my tea?
You're right.
But why do I feel like you're not being nice to me?
I met Hyun Soo.
So? Did you like it?
Are you two not close anymore?
You haven't really talked about her over the past few years.
Hyun Soo and I no longer have a relationship where...
being close or not matters.
We're following the same path.
You can't have a stronger bond than that.
There's no path.
I'm not here for a path.
Hello.
This one here is a fighter.
What a beautiful flower.
Right? It's pretty.
It's been five years since I saw this flower.
Every year around this time,
it says hello and asks me, "Are you doing well..."
"just like me?"
And then this is what I say.
"Yes."
"I'm alive and well."
It's not "I'm living my life well."
It's "I'm alive."
This is why you stayed bright after hitting rock bottom?
I guess you must be scared.
Aren't I pretty great?
I stayed nice for five years...
right in front of the woman I confessed my feelings to.
Thank you.
What are you thanking me for?
For giving up on my feelings?
If that's the case, it's too early to thank me.
You were the first one to recognize my talent,
and you trusted me all this time.
You're drawing the line again, me as the CEO and you the writer.
When are you going to stop drawing the line?
It's because you're my woman,
not because you're a writer.
I don't like writers. Most of them are crazy.
I'm crazy too. Didn't you know?
No, I didn't know.
Why are you so surprised?
What did Joon Ha say?
Tell me now.
I want to know exactly what's going on and deal with it.
They hired another writer.
Stay lively like this flower.
This is too difficult.
(Episode 10 will be aired shortly.)